Some minor typos and expression polishing (#2341)
quarkusio/quarkusio.github.io: _posts/2025-06-26-hibernate7-on-quarkus.adoc

=== Hibernate Reactive together with Hibernate ORM

> A long-awaited feature is the ability to https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/issues/13425[mix Hibernate ORM and Hibernate Reactive extensions] in the same Quarkus application. Without this feature, making the two extensions coexist required workarounds that are now unnecessary: since Quarkus 3.2.4, it's now possible to mix the two.

Reviewer: I know it was preexisting but it needs a fix!

```suggestion
A long-awaited feature is the ability to https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus/issues/13425[mix Hibernate ORM and Hibernate Reactive extensions] in the same Quarkus application. Without this feature, making the two extensions coexist required workarounds that are now unnecessary: since Quarkus 3.24, it's now possible to mix the two.
```
